EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of March 1, 2027, by and between TechVenture Solutions Ltd., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 789 Innovation Drive, Austin, TX 78701 (the "Employer"), and Jennifer Martinez (the "Employee").

RECITALS
WHEREAS, Employer desires to employ Employee as Senior Software Engineer; and
WHEREAS, Employee desires to accept such employment on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. POSITION AND DUTIES
1.1 Employee shall serve in the position of Senior Software Engineer, reporting to the Chief Technology Officer.
1.2 Employee shall perform all duties and responsibilities customarily associated with such position, including but not limited to software development, code review, and technical documentation.
1.3 Employee shall devote Employee's full business time, attention, and energies to the performance of duties hereunder.

2. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
2.1 Base Salary: Employer shall pay Employee an annual base salary of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($155000.00), payable in bi-weekly installments.
2.2 Annual Bonus: Employee shall be eligible for an annual performance bonus of up to twenty percent (20%) of base salary, subject to achievement of performance objectives.
2.3 Stock Options: Employee shall be granted options to purchase 5,000 shares of Employer's common stock, vesting over four (4) years.
2.4 Health Benefits: Employee shall be entitled to participate in Employer's health insurance plan, including medical, dental, and vision coverage.
2.5 Retirement Plan: Employee may participate in Employer's 401(k) plan with company matching up to 4% of salary.
2.6 Paid Time Off: Employee shall accrue twenty (20) days of paid vacation per year, plus ten (10) paid holidays.

3. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT
3.1 This Agreement shall commence on April 1, 2027, and shall continue on an at-will basis until terminated by either party.
3.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice.

4. TERMINATION PROVISIONS
4.1 Termination for Cause: Employer may terminate Employee immediately for cause, including but not limited to: (a) material breach of this Agreement; (b) gross negligence or willful misconduct; (c) conviction of a felony; or (d) violation of company policies.
4.2 Severance: If Employer terminates Employee without cause, Employee shall receive severance pay equal to three (3) months of base salary.
4.3 Return of Property: Upon termination, Employee shall immediately return all company property, including laptop, access cards, and confidential materials.

5. NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION
5.1 During employment and for twelve (12) months following termination, Employee shall not:
    (a) Engage in any business competitive with Employer within a fifty (50) mile radius;
    (b) Solicit or attempt to solicit any customers or clients of Employer;
    (c) Solicit or hire any employees or contractors of Employer.
5.2 Employee acknowledges that this restriction is reasonable and necessary to protect Employer's legitimate business interests.

6. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
6.1 Employee acknowledges that during employment, Employee will have access to trade secrets and confidential information.
6.2 Employee agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such information both during and after employment.
6.3 All inventions, discoveries, and works of authorship created by Employee in connection with employment shall be the exclusive property of Employer.

7. GENERAL PROVISIONS
7.1 Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
7.2 Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements.
7.3 Amendment: This Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by both parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.