SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of January 15, 2022 (the "Effective Date") by and between ABC Corporation, a Delaware corporation with offices at 123 Business Ave, Wilmington, DE 19801 ("Company"), and XYZ Consulting Services Inc., a California corporation with offices at 456 Tech Street, San Francisco, CA 94102 ("Service Provider").

WHEREAS, Company desires to retain Service Provider to provide professional consulting services; and
WHEREAS, Service Provider agrees to provide such services under the terms set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties agree as follows:

1. SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES
1.1 Service Provider agrees to provide business consulting and strategic planning services to Company as more particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated by reference (the "Services").
1.2 Service Provider shall deliver monthly progress reports and quarterly strategic assessments.

2. COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT TERMS
2.1 Company shall pay Service Provider a monthly retainer fee of Ten Thousand Dollars ($12000.00).
2.2 Payment shall be made within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice.
2.3 Late payments shall accrue interest at the rate of 1.5% per month.
2.4 Service Provider shall invoice Company on the first business day of each month.

3. TERM AND TERMINATION
3.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for an initial term of twelve (12) months.
3.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party.
3.3 Company may terminate this Agreement immediately for cause upon written notice if Service Provider materially breaches any provision herein.
3.4 Upon termination, Service Provider shall deliver all work product and materials to Company within ten (10) business days.

4. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
4.1 Both parties acknowledge that they may have access to confidential and proprietary information of the other party.
4.2 Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such information and not disclose it to any third party without prior written consent.
4.3 This confidentiality obligation shall survive termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years.
4.4 Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is publicly available; (b) was known prior to disclosure; or (c) is independently developed.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
5.1 All work product, deliverables, and materials created by Service Provider in connection with the Services shall be the exclusive property of Company.
5.2 Service Provider hereby assigns all right, title, and interest in such work product to Company.

6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
6.1 Service Provider represents that it has the necessary expertise and resources to perform the Services.
6.2 Service Provider warrants that the Services will be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 In no event shall either party's total liability under this Agreement exceed the total fees paid or payable hereunder in the twelve (12) months preceding the claim.
7.2 Neither party shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages.

8. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
8.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
8.2 Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration in Wilmington, Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.